Document interpolation variables on dpl v2 pages (#2677)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: _includes/deploy/providers/codedeploy.md

* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<access_key_id>` or 
* `CODEDEPLOY_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<access_key_id>`
## Interpolation variables

> The following variable are availabe for interpolation on `description`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following variables are available for interpolation on `description`:
```
